README.md, before:

# Siobhan-Baines-MS1-Portfolio

This project is to build a static front-end which demonstrates the skills I have developed using CSS3, HTML5 and Bootstrap technologies. The subject of this project is my personal portfolio including information about my past, present and future career. The front-end is designed to give any user an informative, interesting, user friendly and professional experience. There will be navigation to 2/3 pages, links to my social media accounts, information about past projects and place holders for future projects, the ability to open my curriculum vitae on a separate tab in pdf format and the facility to contact me directly.

 Link to project
 
## User Experience (UX)

### User Story 1:	An individual looking to pursue a career in technology
As a user on the site I want to the information to be clear and concise, I want to be able to easily access all the available information and I want to see if I might enjoy creating a site of my own so that I can decide whether I want to start down the path of becoming a Ful Stack Developer

### User Story 2:	A recruiter 
As a recruiter I want this site to clearly showcase her to be ability and the technologies she is adept in using so that I can compare her skill set to those of my client.

### User Story 3:	An employer
As an employer I want her site to not only showcase her skills technologically but also her creative personality so that I can evaluate her fit with my team.

### Strategy
My design objective was to make the accessibility of the information on my site as smooth as possible while keeping the pages as uncluttered as possible.

### Scope
At the same time as providing a good outline of my skills and experience for a prospective employer I wanted to make the experience of using the site as enjoyable as possible and give them the facilities to download my curriculum vitae and/or contract me directly. 

### Structure
The about section will give a brief overview of who I am and what I have done throughout my career.
The projects section will highlight some of the larger projects I have previously worked on in IT and some place holders to the future mile stone projects with Code Institute which will have links (in time) to each of them.
There will be a contact page to allow prospective employers to contact me via email.
Finally, there will be links to my social media accounts including LinkedIn, GitHub, Twitter and Instagram as well as providing the ability to download my CV which will open in a separate tab.

### Skeleton
[Mobile wireframe](https://f62d3d72-4d22-4366-babd-04b3790bc9d1.ws-eu01.gitpod.io/files/download/?id=5e425e68-0de8-4453-8245-524a845f6580)

[Desktop wireframe](https://f62d3d72-4d22-4366-babd-04b3790bc9d1.ws-eu01.gitpod.io/files/download/?id=506c03f6-184f-4d66-b040-fcb37976fde3)

### Surface
* TBD

## Features

### Existing Features

### Features Left to Implement

## Technologies Used
CSS3
HMTL5
Bootstrap Framework

## Testing

### Test Scenario 1
Select the ‘Home’ page link on the menu bar on the ‘Home’, ‘About’, ‘Projects’ and ‘Contact pages to ensure it takes the user to the ‘Home’ page and does not error.

### Test Scenario 2
Select the ‘About’ page link on the menu bar on the ‘Home’, ‘About’, ‘Projects’ and ‘Contact pages to ensure it takes the user to the ‘About’ page and does not error

### Test Scenario 3
Select the ‘Projects’ page link on the menu bar on the ‘Home’, ‘About’, ‘Projects’ and ‘Contact pages to ensure it takes the user to the ‘Projects’ page and does not error

### Test Scenario 4
Select the ‘Contact’ page link on the menu bar on the ‘Home’, ‘About’, ‘Projects’ and ‘Contact pages to ensure it takes the user to the ‘Contact’ page and does not error

### Test Scenario 5
Test the Name and Email fields are filled in with the correct type of information (the email address field is set up for an email) on the contact page before allowing the form to be submitted.

### Test Scenario 6
Does the submit button on the contact page email the details?

### Test Scenario 7
When the ‘Download my CV here’ button is selected, does the CV open in a separate tab in pdf format?

### Test Scenario 8
Check each of the social media links take the user to the correct social media page.
GitHub
LinkedIn
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter

### Test Scenario 9
Does the transition between pages work well on all devices and is it visually pleasing?

### Test Scenario 10
On a mobile device does the schrunk menu icon expand correctly and all the links work


## Deployment

## Credits

## Content
•	The text for section Y was copied from the Wikipedia article Z

## Media
•	The photos used in this site were obtained from ...

## Acknowledgements
•	I received inspiration for this project from X

## About
A template for the README.md file for Code Institute student projects

## Resources
 Readme
##Releases
No releases published
##Packages
No packages published
## Contributors

Commit message:

fix navbar and add image

README.md, after:

# Siobhan-Baines-MS1-Portfolio

This project is to build a static front-end which demonstrates the skills I have developed using CSS3, HTML5 and Bootstrap technologies. The subject of this project is my personal portfolio including information about my past, present and future career. The front-end is designed to give any user an informative, interesting, user friendly and professional experience. There will be navigation to 2/3 pages, links to my social media accounts, information about past projects and place holders for future projects, the ability to open my curriculum vitae on a separate tab in pdf format and the facility to contact me directly.

 Link to project
 
## User Experience (UX)

### User Story 1:	An individual looking to pursue a career in technology
As a user on the site I want to the information to be clear and concise, I want to be able to easily access all the available information and I want to see if I might enjoy creating a site of my own so that I can decide whether I want to start down the path of becoming a Ful Stack Developer

### User Story 2:	A recruiter 
As a recruiter I want this site to clearly showcase her to be ability and the technologies she is adept in using so that I can compare her skill set to those of my client.

### User Story 3:	An employer
As an employer I want her site to not only showcase her skills technologically but also her creative personality so that I can evaluate her fit with my team.

### Strategy
My design objective was to make the accessibility of the information on my site as smooth as possible while keeping the pages as uncluttered as possible.

### Scope
At the same time as providing a good outline of my skills and experience for a prospective employer I wanted to make the experience of using the site as enjoyable as possible and give them the facilities to download my curriculum vitae and/or contract me directly. 

### Structure
The about section will give a brief overview of who I am and what I have done throughout my career.
The projects section will highlight some of the larger projects I have previously worked on in IT and some place holders to the future mile stone projects with Code Institute which will have links (in time) to each of them.
There will be a contact page to allow prospective employers to contact me via email.
Finally, there will be links to my social media accounts including LinkedIn, GitHub, Twitter and Instagram as well as providing the ability to download my CV which will open in a separate tab.

### Skeleton
[Mobile wireframe](https://f62d3d72-4d22-4366-babd-04b3790bc9d1.ws-eu01.gitpod.io/files/download/?id=5e425e68-0de8-4453-8245-524a845f6580)

[Desktop wireframe](https://f62d3d72-4d22-4366-babd-04b3790bc9d1.ws-eu01.gitpod.io/files/download/?id=506c03f6-184f-4d66-b040-fcb37976fde3)

### Surface
* TBD

## Features

### Existing Features

### Features Left to Implement

## Technologies Used
CSS3
HMTL5
Bootstrap Framework

## Testing

### Test Scenario 1
Select the ‘Home’ page link on the menu bar on the ‘Home’, ‘About’, ‘Projects’ and ‘Contact pages to ensure it takes the user to the ‘Home’ page and does not error.

### Test Scenario 2
Select the ‘About’ page link on the menu bar on the ‘Home’, ‘About’, ‘Projects’ and ‘Contact pages to ensure it takes the user to the ‘About’ page and does not error

### Test Scenario 3
Select the ‘Projects’ page link on the menu bar on the ‘Home’, ‘About’, ‘Projects’ and ‘Contact pages to ensure it takes the user to the ‘Projects’ page and does not error

### Test Scenario 4
Select the ‘Contact’ page link on the menu bar on the ‘Home’, ‘About’, ‘Projects’ and ‘Contact pages to ensure it takes the user to the ‘Contact’ page and does not error

### Test Scenario 5
Test the Name and Email fields are filled in with the correct type of information (the email address field is set up for an email) on the contact page before allowing the form to be submitted.

### Test Scenario 6
Does the submit button on the contact page email the details?

### Test Scenario 7
When the ‘Download my CV here’ button is selected, does the CV open in a separate tab in pdf format?

### Test Scenario 8
Check each of the social media links take the user to the correct social media page.
GitHub
LinkedIn
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter

### Test Scenario 9
Does the transition between pages work well on all devices and is it visually pleasing?

### Test Scenario 10
On a mobile device does the schrunk menu icon expand correctly and all the links work


## Deployment

## Credits

## Content
•	After adding the fontawsome icons to the navbar items I decided it would be more clean without them.
    I decided having the dowload CV button at the top gave a call to action for a user

## Media
•	The photos used in this site were obtained from ...

## Acknowledgements
•	I received inspiration for this project from X

## About
A template for the README.md file for Code Institute student projects

## Resources
 Readme
##Releases
No releases published
##Packages
No packages published
## Contributors
